Readme.md, before:

This project will be an introduction to creating a full featured image search and tagging application. To keep things simple, we will start with a Computer Vision model served by a locally hosted or remote Ollama or an OpenAi compatible server and a Chroma Vector Store.


## Prerequisites

-   **Python 3.10+**: Ensure Python is installed on your system.
-   **Ollama**: You have a choice to install with pip via the requirements.txt, install locally with a binary downloaded from the [Ollama website](https://ollama.com/download) or as a Docker container. I will also host a copy on my laptop that will be available when I am.

-   **ChromaDB**: ChromaDB will be installed as a Python package via pip or you can install with Docker.

## Installation

1. **Clone the repository:**

    ```bash
    https://github.com/brettb/cere-vision-search.git
    cd 
    ```

2. **Install Python dependencies:** (Be sure to comment out Ollama if you dont want to use it locally installed via Python)

    ```bash
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

Commit message:

Added virtual environment config to requirements

Readme.md, after:

This project will be an introduction to creating a full featured image search and tagging application. To keep things simple, we will start with a Computer Vision model served by a locally hosted or remote Ollama or an OpenAi compatible server and a Chroma Vector Store.


## Prerequisites

-   **Python 3.10+**: Ensure Python is installed on your system.
-   **Ollama**: You have a choice to install with pip via the requirements.txt, install locally with a binary downloaded from the [Ollama website](https://ollama.com/download) or as a Docker container. I will also host a copy on my laptop that will be available when I am.

-   **ChromaDB**: ChromaDB will be installed as a Python package via pip or you can install with Docker.

## Installation

1. **Clone the repository:**

    ```bash
    https://github.com/brettb/cere-vision-search.git
    cd 
    ```

2. Create and activate a virtual environment (recommended):
   ```bash
   python -m venv venv
   source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
   ```
3.   **Install Python dependencies:** (Be sure to comment out Ollama if you dont want to use it locally installed via Python)
     Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
   

    ```bash
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```
